1-What is a class?

 A class is like a struct (allows bundling of related variables),  but variables and functions in the class can have different properties than in a struct.

2-How does a class accomplish abstraction , encapsulation and data hiding?

A class design attempts to separate the public interface from the specifics of the implementation.
The public interface represents the abstraction component of the design. Gathering
the implementation details together and separating them from the abstraction is
called encapsulation. Data hiding (putting data into the private section of a class) 



3- What is the relationship between an object and a class?

The object an instance of a class which we use it in the main 

For example : 

class rectangle { 

private:

 int           width ;
int       length;

public:

void setwidth (int x ) 
{      width = x ;  }

void setlength (int y )
{ length = y ; } 
} 
int main () {

rectangle   a;     --> An object called a from a class called rectangle 


4-In what way,aside from being functions,are class function members different from class data members?

    
class data members descripe the attributes
class function member descripe the behaviour



5. Define a class to represent a bank account. Data members should include the depositor’s name, the account number (use a string),and the balance. Member functions should allow the following:  Creating an object and initializing it.  Displaying the depositor’s name,account number,and balance , Depositing an amount of money given by an argument ,  Withdrawing an amount of money given by an argument Just show the class declaration, not the method implementations.

Class Bankaccount { 

private:

string  depositorname;
string  accountnumber;
int         balance; 

public:
 Bankaccount () ;
 string  getname ();
 string  getnumber (); 
 int        getbalance ();
void     deposit ( int x);
void     withdraw ( int y) ;
};





6- When are class constructors called? When are class destructors called?

We called constructors when we need to intialize the values but 
destructors are used  when the object finished it's work in the main function to clear the data that related to it from the memory



7. Provide code for a constructor for the bank account class from Chapter Review Question 5


Bankaccount() ;
Or 
Bankaccount ( string name , int number , int bal) {
depositername=name;
accountnumber=number;
balance=bal; 
}

8-What is a default constructor? What is the advantage of having one?

A default constructor is a constructor which can be called with no arguments
Advantage : we donot need to call the constructor in the main function

